docs: Highlight Jira context benefit for PR triggers (#128)
Promptless/docs: fern/docs/integrations/jira.mdx

**Used for: Context**

<Info>

> If you have Jira integration set up, when engineers reference Jira issue keys in GitHub PRs or commit messages (like "PROJ-123"), Promptless automatically retrieves important context from the Jira ticket to make the suggestion more accurate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have Jira integration set up, when engineers reference Jira issue keys in GitHub PRs or commit messages (like "PROJ-123"), Promptless can automatically retrieve important context from the tickets to make its suggestions more accurate.
```
